Add DCO and CLA ignore note to the contributor guideline (#321)
argoproj-labs/hera-workflows: CONTRIBUTING.md

Please keep in mind the following guidelines and practices when contributing to Hera:

1. Your commit must be signed. Hera uses [an application](https://github.com/apps/dco) that enforces the Developer 
   Certificate of Origin (DCO). Currently, a Contributor License Agreement 
   ([CLA](https://github.com/cla-assistant/cla-assistant)) check also appears on submitted pull requests. This can be

>    safely ignored as the Argo Project is slowly migrating projects to DCO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   safely ignored and is **not** a requirement for contribution to hera-workflows. This is an artifact as the Argo Project is slowly migrating projects from CLA to DCO. 
```

### Code of Conduct

> Please be mindful of and adhere to the Linux Foundation's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be mindful of and adhere to the CNCF's
```

> [Code of Conduct](https://lfprojects.org/policies/code-of-conduct) when contributing to hera-workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md) when contributing to hera-workflows.
```

Should this be CNCF as well?
